---
layout: default
---

### Minutes of OSGeo:UK 2022 AGM
11th October 2022 at 12pm, online

### Officers and Trustees Present
Nick Bearman (Chair), Ant Scott (Secretary), Matt Travis (Treasurer), Alastair Graham, Dave Barter, Tom Chadwin, Joseph Seddon (Committee), James Milner, Paul Wittle, S Alvanides, Barry Rowlinson.

#### Apologies for Absence
Alastair Graham, Tom Armitage, Matt Walker

### Minutes
The [minutes of the 2021](https://uk.osgeo.org/agm/agm2021minutes.html) AGM were approved. 

### Accounts 2020-2021
The full accounts were not available, but are expected later in the week (this page will be updated). 

Current balance in the accounts is about £17,000.

### Future Events
Current focus is on [FOSS4G:UK Local 2022](https://uk.osgeo.org/foss4guk2022local/).

Future events will be considered later in the year - options include a traditional in person, single-venue event, if a group is willing to organise, or a series of events on the lines of [FOSS4G:UK Local 2022](https://uk.osgeo.org/foss4guk2022local/).

### Election of Officers
The current officers and committee are all willing to continue, and were elected unopposed. The committee will consider whether to co-opt additional members after FOSS4G. Noted that Joseph Seddon is a co-opted non-voting member.

### Funding of Open Source Geo Projects
The following decisions were taken on funding.
* Funding for Patreonship of Regina Obe: $60 per month to continue
* James Milner, development of TerraDraw, £800
* QGIS Sustaining Membership, £440 (per year)
* Lutra Crowdfunding: Point cloud processing in QGIS, £1,000
* North Road/Nyall Dawson QGIS HTML formatting in labels, £1,000

A total of: £3,874.11.

The Treasurer will process these payments.

For the remaining proposals, the following was decided:
* Paul Wittle, Dorset Council, £200 - to be discussed in Spring when Paul has more details
* Kevin Williams, Welsh Government, £2,000 - Tom Chadwin to follow up, in particular how much of GDAL initial funding bid is oustanding

Potentially about £1,000 remaining for allocation at a later date.

Possible funding for next year:
* OpenLayers, support developer directly
* GeoServer
* QGIS integration with toolsets commonly used in UK local authorities - possible funding from LAs

### AOB
There was no AOB.

### Date of next AGM
Agreed that it would be at similar date next year, to be decided.
